In the last lecture we added links we added routes before and the routes in the Riak draw also define
where the components will get loaded.
Side note you could have multiple routes with the same pop and simply loads different components for
the same path.
That works too.
Now of course one other thing we have to keep in mind is the server the same implications as for view
Chase are important here.
If we want to use the router with this style here.
So where we have Slash accounts Flashblock our server needs to be configured in a way that it always
returns the index h Kimmo file in case of 4 0 4 errors because these povs are first parsed by the server
unlike the view router.
This router doesn't use the hashtag mode by default which is great.
We shouldn't use that mode of possible so therefore if you deploy you react.
Using the re-act router you need to make sure that your server actually always returns to the next age
Tim file so that the reactor router has a chance of taking over.
In cases where your server doesn't recognize routes which probably the case for all your problems in
a single page application.